The link to my portfolio. I have added background images and an extra section dedicated to work experience and education --

**URL**: https://aviportfolio-87524562001.us-central1.run.app


For creating my personal portfolio, I used Cursor AI. My experience using Cursor was overall very positive. I was happy that I could get everything I wanted to add to my portfolio within a matter of a few minutes but looking from my undergrad self-perspective it feels like software developer is not a good career choice as AI can not only replicate the quality of work I do but also give the required deliverables in a matter of minutes. In undergrad , I sat hours and hours trying to find why my code would not work or how to even start. Now AI, can solve your bugs which is great, but it can solve the question in seconds. In this assignment, having AI write the code for the portfolio was great as I could focus on design choices. At the same time, I think AI is making us dumber as we are losing this valuable skill of coding. Working for GM, I write ETLs in Databricks. My primary way to use AI in my job is to write my code into simple steps and test it through print and display commands. If I get stuck, then I only use AI as writing my own code is something that I feel keeps me knowledgeable about coding and always helps with critical thinking. In terms of the assignment, I tried giving it my resume and cover letter for getting data about my work experience and education. Interestingly, it was not able to parse the documents. Thus, I tried using my LinkedIn profile and told cursor the specific section to look at for the info but this time it just made some of the data up. At the end, I wrote all the content, I wanted to be displayed in the prompt. I think there is a much better way, but I don’t know. Interestingly, when I gave cursor Rob’s portfolio formatting images ( images of the box used to display the work experience info) it was able to implement the layout correctly. Creating prompts, I think was not too hard as I prior experience. The way I planned is as follows. First, I tell the AI what environment I want and what programming language I want. Second, I tell it what the broad page layout is – landing page followed by education followed experience and so on. Finally, I gave it the exact content I wanted to display – here I would ask it to add a background picture, then add the layout and finally the information.  Getting Cursor to create a graph for displaying my skills was very hard as skills were not being ordered correctly, axis labels and tick marks were not being displayed correctly. As a last resort, I had to make it do step by step like add the axis, add the labels, and now add the skills. As compiling the changes would take about six to seven minutes, this was a very slow and tedious process. The last observation was that the images I gave Cursor AI to use as the background for the portfolio for some reason were not stored in the repository meaning after waiting about five to ten minutes it would give an error message saying that image xyz.png is not found. Thus, I would like to say that AI has made the non-coder, and the coder equals in today’s world. This change is not only noticed by the general public but companies who are now focusing on hiring people with some experience as the coding of a new hire can easily be implemented by an AI. I feel grateful for doing Master of Business and Technology as it better prepares me for the world of today. If I were to enter the job market after my undergrad, I may have been hired but laid off within a few years due to AI (so far everything code related I had done in undergrad has been easily replicated in my master’s without breaking a sweat).

